why is Hollywood soaked and screening
luckily it's all for a good cause
popsugar TMZ Miller and Alison McNamara
here to discuss how the ALS ice bucket
challenge has gone totally a list well
even though the original concept was
that you either had to dump ice water on
your head or donate one hundred dollars
to benefit ALS research also known as
Lou Gehrig's disease luckily people are
doing both and it started out with a few
celebrities and it create this domino
effect and pop sure com even as a post
awarding celebrity ice bucket challenges
for superlatives like best poor invest
capital we've been tracking this feel
good and cold a trend since the
beginning it's gotten insane let's check
out the most entertaining star-studded
showers gwenyth paltrow may be
consciously uncoupled with Chris Martin
but she still shares the activist love
I'll do this and nominate Chris Martin
Cameron Diaz and who else Stella
McCartney kristen stewart and nicholas
hoult dumped in dirty water for a cure
while Robert Pattinson went back yard
classic with a hose and Solo cups now
Brits with actual buckets Tom Hiddleston
in a very wet t-shirt nominated fellow
ginger lad Benedict Cumberbatch Eddie
Redmayne called out 50 shades of Grey's
Jamie Dornan who clearly has done far
weirder things on screen Ben Affleck
took wife Jennifer Garner for a dip
after his dousing emily blunt and john
krasinski went sneak attack and oh yeah
there's also Oprah's post poor freaked
out Chris Pratt bringing back Smirnoff
icing and Britney Spears nearly dropping
the f-bomb and these videos just keep
coming will it ever end well the ALS
Association probably hopes not as of
Thursday the braise nearly 42 million
dollars compared to the same time period
last year they raised just 2.1 well
Charlie Sheen pledged $10,000 by pouring
money over his head David Spade
ascending $100,000 check so the stars
are making it rain with the donations
too but the bucket does stop somewhere
apparently the White House President
Obama has declined but is donating
however president george w bush he did
it i went
right okay